doc: update Matter known issues (#10948)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1

> KRKNWK-16783: Accessory may become unresponsive after several hours
> 
> A Matter accessory may stop sending Report Data messages due to internal bug in the Matter stack v1.0.0.0 and thus become unresponsive for Matter controllers.
> 
> Workaround: Manually cherry-pick and apply commit from the sdk-connectedhomeip repository (commit hash: ``23f08242f92973a7a3308b4d62a82c59cf6cf6b3``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-16783: Accessory may become unresponsive after several hours
   A Matter accessory may stop sending Report Data messages due to an internal bug in the Matter stack v1.0.0.0 and thus become unresponsive for Matter controllers.

   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit from the `dedicated Matter fork`_ (commit hash: ``23f08242f92973a7a3308b4d62a82c59cf6cf6b3``).
```
